Refactor threshold trigger and condition docs into shared includes (#45719)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/triggers/threshold_changed_options_yaml.md

    - `type: below` (exclusive): Sets a maximum. Fires when the reading is strictly below `value`. A reading equal to `value` does not fire the trigger. Provide `value` with a `number` key (for a {{ include.unit_phrase_yaml }}) or an `entity` key (for an `input_number`, `number`, or `sensor` entity).
    - `type: between` (exclusive): Defines a range. Fires when the reading is strictly between `value_min` and `value_max`. Readings equal to either bound do not fire the trigger. Provide `value_min` and `value_max`, each with a `number` key (for a {{ include.unit_phrase_yaml }}) or an `entity` key (for an `input_number`, `number`, or `sensor` entity).
    - `type: outside` (inclusive): Defines an outside-range. Fires when the reading is at or below `value_min`, or at or above `value_max`. Readings equal to either bound fire the trigger. Provide `value_min` and `value_max`, each with a `number` key (for a {{ include.unit_phrase_yaml }}) or an `entity` key (for an `input_number`, `number`, or `sensor` entity).
{% if include.has_unit %}

>     When using the `number` key, you must also include `unit_of_measurement` to specify the temperature unit (`°C` or `°F`). When using the `entity` key, the unit is taken from the entity itself, or assumed to be the system temperature unit if the entity has no unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using the `number` key, you must also include the `unit_of_measurement` (for example, `°C` or `°F`). When using the `entity` key, the unit is taken from the entity itself, or assumed to be the system unit if the entity has no unit.
```
wouldn't this show "temperature" everywhere this is included?

    For example:

    ```yaml
    threshold:
      type: outside
      value_min:
        entity: input_number.comfort_temperature_min
      value_max:
        number: 24
        unit_of_measurement: °C
    ```

>     A `sensor` or `number` entity's current value is used as the threshold, which lets you compare two temperature readings dynamically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A `sensor` or `number` entity's current value is used as the threshold, which lets you compare two readings dynamically.
```
